Add inaugural blogpost (#359)
neuroinformatics-unit/movement: docs/source/blog/movement-v0_0_21.md

- We have made several small improvements to reading bounding boxes tracks. See our new {ref}`example <sphx_glr_examples_load_and_upsample_bboxes.py>` to learn more about working with bounding boxes.
- We have added a new {ref}`example <sphx_glr_examples_convert_file_formats.py>` on using `movement` to convert pose tracking data between different file formats.

__Kinematics__

The {mod}`kinematics <movement.kinematics>` module has been moved from `movement.analysis.kinematics` to `movement.kinematics` and packs a number of new functions:
- {func}`compute_forward_vector <movement.kinematics.compute_forward_vector>`
- {func}`compute_head_direction_vector <movement.kinematics.compute_head_direction_vector>`
- {func}`compute_pairwise_distances <movement.kinematics.compute_pairwise_distances>`
- {func}`compute_speed <movement.kinematics.compute_speed>`
- {func}`compute_path_length <movement.kinematics.compute_path_length>`

__Breaking changes__

- We have dropped support for using filtering and
kinematic functions via the `move` accessor syntax,

> because we've found the concept hard to convey to new users. All functions are henceforth solely accessible by importing them from the relevant modules. Having one way of doing things should reduce the maintenance burden on our end. See an example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because we've found the concept hard to convey to new users. All functions are henceforth solely accessible by importing them from the relevant modules. Having one way of doing things simplifies the mental model for users and reduces the maintenance effort on our side. See an example below:
```
Just adding the benefit for users too.

  ```python

>   # Instead of:

Reviewer: I really like these examples

  position_filt = ds.move.median_filter(window=5)
  velocity = ds.move.compute_velocity()

  # Use:
  from movement.filtering import median_filter
  from movement.kinematics import compute_velocity

  position_filt = median_filter(ds.position, window=5)
  velocity = compute_velocity(ds.position)
  ```

> - We have slightly modified the [structure of movement datasets](target-poses-and-bboxes-dataset), by moving the `space` dimension from the last to the second position, following `time`. This should not affect you if you are indexing data by dimension names, i.e. using the {meth}`xarray.Dataset.sel` or {meth}`xarray.Dataset.isel` methods. However, you may need to update your code if you are indexing data by position.

Reviewer: Should we add an example here too? Even if we somewhat encourage the `sel` or `isel` syntax, the numpy-like syntax is still a valid and often useful option in xarray (and one of the reasons why we are reordering the dimensions, since for `sel` or `isel` it makes no difference). Maybe something like the snippet below.

For example, to access the x,y position array for the first individual and the last keypoint of a dataset:
```python
# Instead of:
position_array = ds[:,0,-1,:]  # time, individuals, keypoints, space 

# Use:
position_array = ds[:,:,0,-1]  # time, space, individuals, keypoints 
```

Author: Your example actually made me realise that we didn't just move `space`, we also swapped the order `individuals` and `keypoints`! I will rephrase accordingly.

What do you think of this example?

```python
# Indexing with dimension names (recommended, works always)
position_array = ds.position.isel(individuals=0, keypoints=-1)  # first individual, last keypoint

# Numpy-style indexing with the old dimension order (will no longer work)
position_array = ds.position[:, 0, -1, :]  # time, individuals, keypoints, space 

# Numpy-style indexing with the updated dimension order (use this instead)
position_array = ds.position[:, :, -1, 0]  # time, space, keypoints, individuals
```

Author: Alright, I've now updated this section, see [`2cecf33` (#359)](https://github.com/neuroinformatics-unit/movement/pull/359/commits/2cecf3324e277c89df8348fb88ce513365e00c88).

Let me know if you think it is clearer @sfmig

Reviewer: yes looks good! thanks Niko
